ABBY: Previously on "Dance Moms"--
ABBY: You are in one of the world's
best places for entertainment.
Don't be shy. Don't be nervous.
Just act like you're talking
to your friends.
PAIGE: I can't breathe.
- You okay?
No. I can't breathe.
KELLY: She gets you so nervous
that you can't function.
Like, this is not right over dance class.
ABBY: Kelly, you have driven the wedge
between your children and myself.
KELLY: No, Abby.
- I am the best thing for Paige!
ABBY: Coming up on "Dance Moms"--
We only have one more week
before Nationals.
"Dance Spirit Magazine" contacted me.
KELLY: Oh, no!
CHRISTI: Oh, [bleep]. Oh. Oh.
ABBY: You should be representing
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Don't let me down this week.
Nationals! Will you be the one
chosen to perform
or will you be the one
sitting in the audience?
Let her run her number, Abby!
Then pick on her.
Stop!
Girls, one week until Nationals.
You know what it's going to be like
if the Abby Lee Dance Company loses?
[theme music]
(SINGING) Get up. Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[music playing]
ABBY: Come on, girls! Let's go!
Let's do it.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
I hope everybody had a good time
in Las Vegas. I know I did.
I did.
ABBY: I think, all things considered, the
Abby Lee Dance Company hit the jackpot.
ANNOUNCER: First place
the Elite Junior Small Group,
entry number 46, "Brat Pack."
[cheering and applause]
Okay.
Mackenzie, obviously, you weren't with us.
Next we have Paige.
Although the solo didn't work out
too well--
(SINGING) You are right by my side.
(CRYING) I worked so hard on this dance.
I know. I know.
--I thought you pulled it together and
you did a nice job in the group routine.
Thank you.
ABBY: Brooke, I don't think
what was in the number
showed off your assets.
(SINGING) I believe now is my time.
God has given you a gift.
You can do things
that no one else can do.
I'm not saying anything else.
Nia, I thought all through rehearsal
you were outstanding.
And then you stepped out on stage.
How did you go from looking
like you were shooting a movie
and you were the dance captain
to in the back corner,
stage right, turning into oblivion?
I'm sorry. My hat messed me up.
ABBY: Nia, I was in the theater
when a man's hand was severed
by a set coming down.
Nobody missed a beat of their dance.
HOLLY: Do I expect Nia to dance
if her hat falls off?
Yes, Abby.
But Nia's hand gets chopped off,
she's going to stop dancing
and she's going to mess up
the group routine.
Next we have Kendall.
Kendall, it was your big audition
for Nationals.
You blew it.
Tell me what happened to that number.
Well, I just saw a couple of the solos
before me,
and they kind of got me nervous.
What's wrong?
Well, you can't get nervous.
Don't get nervous.
Listen, do it for you.
Don't do it for her.
ABBY: That's why I always tell you guys,
when you step off the stage,
like, watch me.
I'm exiting and Holly's on next.
She's the next contestant to perform,
and I'm leaving the stage.
And I fell out of my turns,
I put my hand down on my side aerial,
I was the worst I could have ever been.
ABBY: Yes! Nailed it! Yes!
[laughter]
- I could so see you do that.
- I just freaked you out.
MELISSA: Yes, you did.
JILL: That was freaky.
ABBY: You don't want anyone to come off
and say, yes, I nailed it.
There are tricks of the trade
that I have been using for decades.
Kendall should know better.
When you're standing in the wings,
you don't watch the soloist before you.
Chloe. Chloe, you're kind of flying
under the radar this week.
CHRISTI: How is getting first place
and beating Zack two weeks ago
flying under the radar?
And you can't exactly win a solo
if you don't have a solo.
And you can't shine in a group dance
if you're stuck in the back row.
You definitely need to be more involved.
You should have fought
for that spot in the front line.
And next, Maddie.
You came out of that curtain blazing.
You had the style, you had the look,
you had the facial expressions.
- Thank you.
ABBY: And you pulled the focus.
And on top of the pyramid today
is the invincible Asia.
[applause]
You have proven to be undefeated.
You are a champion,
and congratulations
for another victory
in the Eight and Under category.
[applause]
We only have one more week
before Nationals.
And we are traveling
to Buffalo, New York,
where we will be attending In10sity Dance.
The group routine is a hoedown.
It's entitled "Country Cuties."
This is the week we attend Regionals,
to qualify for the national competition.
In addition, I'm not sure
who's going to get the solo.
So this week every girl
needs to give me 110%.
And the moms,
well, they better mind their Ps and Qs.
Mackenzie, you weren't here last week.
Asia was the soloist, Eight and Under.
She won the whole thing.
This week is your turn.
I have been really tough on Mackenzie
ever since Asia came to Pittsburgh
to join the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Good thing Melissa trusts me.
She realizes that I am teaching Mackenzie
the ways of the world.
You will be performing a solo entitled
"Reach For the Stars."
Ooh, cute.
ABBY: You don't have to far to reach.
The star is right next to you.
[music playing]
Maddie, you will perform a duet--
with Kendall.
[cheering and applause]
The name of your duet
is "Bodies Electric."
I've thought for quite a few weeks
that you are the kid
to follow in Maddie's footsteps,
to be right on her heels.
Working with Maddie this week
should be a learning experience.
I'm giving you one more opportunity
to impress me before Nationals.
Don't let me down.
Chloe, you will also be doing a duet.
Your duet partner this week is Asia.
Let's hope she doesn't
leave you in the dust.
Before I dismiss you all
and we start our warm up,
we have one more exciting
thing happening this week.
"Dance Spirit Magazine"
has contacted me.
They want to do a story
on a day in the life
of an Abby Lee Dance Company member.
[applause]
Now I thought it would be unique
that they do this particular
elite competition team,
but they only want one dancer.
And they chose you, Maddie.
[applause]
CHRISTI: Shocker! I would have loved
for Chloe to have had that chance.
But, according to Abby,
she's too busy flying under the radar.
Moms, you can go upstairs,
sit on your butts, talk about me.
[music playing]
Okay. Get your partner!
Well, you know, we haven't done
a hoedown country style,
I don't think ever.
I think we should all wear cowboy hats,
but I'm not going to wear boots.
I'm still going wear my stilettos.
JILL: Oh, I got the best cowboy boots!
Paige is too piked over in her strata jump
get your legs up higher.
This week we're doing hoedown,
and the name of the piece
is "Country Cuties."
Now it may seem like just a fun,
upbeat routine.
But this is loaded with tricks,
partner work,
and you have to have a lot of stamina.
Push!
I need the type of routine
that's going to guarantee us
a spot in the national competition.
Four, five, six, seven, eight--
Oh, my God. Look at Paige.
She's like, I have Asia.
I'm used to there being a lot
of gymnastics in Brooke's solos.
But in a group dance, there just is
so much acrobats in this,
like, everybody is just
flipping and flopping around.
- Oh.
- Oh!
CHRISTI: Is Asia really that heavy?
HOLLY: Oh!
Look at Nia and Kendall.
Oh, my gosh!
JILL: Wow.
It's almost like she needs
to be a little bit lower.
KRISTIE: I know.
- Your daughter [bleep].
Oh, oh.
Look at her go! Look at this.
Look at this. Look at this.
HOLLY: Oh, my gosh.
JILL: Go!
Mackenzie is not doing this.
Look at her go!
[cheering]
MELISSA: I hope MacKenzie
doesn't fall in the group dance.
Walking on her hands for 48 counts
is such a hard move.
She's been nailing it in rehearsal,
but where it counts is on the stage.
RACHEL: Hi.
- Hi. How are you? I'm Melissa.
Come on in.
- Hi. I'm Rachel.
- Hi, Rachel. Nice to meet you.
- Hi.
Rachel Zar from "Dance Spirit."
MELISSA: "Dance Spirit Magazine"
is one of the biggest
dance magazines in the country.
I'm so excited that they chose Maddie
to be featured.
Words can't even describe it.
They really have to get ready for dance,
so do you want to go
and watch them get ready?
We're doing a day in the life,
so we want to see
what you normally do in the morning.
And we're just going to watch you do it.
"Dance Spirit Magazine"
is going to follow Maddie all day,
from the time she gets ready,
eats breakfast,
goes to dance class, goes to rehearsal.
It's amazing.
It's a great opportunity for her.
JILL: You have duet practice soon,
you know, so we have to hustle.
So no horsing around in here.
- Hello! Good morning!
MELISSA: Hi, Kendall.
JILL: Hey, we-- I left her dance bag
and her boots. And I have her stuff.
- Kendall, why don't you go upstairs?
JILL: Run upstairs. Go say hi.
Take those, take Maddie's clothes
and grab your dance bag.
- Come here. Oh, I'm so excited.
- Do you want to--
- I have Maddie's stuff, too.
- Oh, okay.
- So "Dance Spirit's" here, as you know.
- Here, today?
Let's be honest. I'm not really here
to pick up Kendall's dance bag.
I know that "Dance Spirit" magazine,
the photographer's here.
And I want to see what's going on,
maybe get Kendall in a shot or two.
- Hi. Rachel, this is Jill.
- Oh, hello.
- Rachel from "Dance Spirit."
- I'm Jill.
- It's so nice to meet you.
- She's my buddy.
- I was just showing--
'Cause this just came out. We did this two
months ago.
"Dance Track Magazine."
Are you familiar with it?
- Not really, no.
- Okay, yeah.
So it just came out, so what funny timing
that you guys are here.
I love Jill, but I know that she's not
here to pick up Kendall's dance bag.
'Cause we have dance at the same time
and I could just bring
the dance bag to dance.
She's just being pushy.
She showed up.
She just can't accept that magazine
chose Maddie and not Kendall.
How did you pick?
We just called up Abby
and said that we wanted to follow--
do the life of a ALDC kid.
And, you know,
she said Maddie would be great.
But Abby sometimes
has blinders on for--
MELISSA: She does.
- For Maddie. Maddie, Maddie, Maddie.
It is what it is.
Lots of studios go through that.
And, you know what? If Kendall can be
even close to Maddie, I'll take it.
Melissa's not threatened by me or Kendall
or anybody, for that matter.
She didn't feel one bit threatened.
It's so nice to meet you.
RACHEL: It's so to meet you.
- And we'll see you later at the studio.
- Okay.
I'm going to head back up there.
See you later.
[music playing]
Hi! How's it going?
Nothing like company
first thing in the morning.
RACHEL: Hi, Abby.
- Hello. How are you? Good to see you.
RACHEL: Rachel Zar from "Dance Spirit."
So nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. How are you?
MELISSA: Good. How are you?
ABBY: "Dance Spirit Magazine"
is coming into town.
They're going to see
how the choreography process works
to get ready for a competition
every single weekend.
Hi!
A little too much fun going on here.
Let's go. Come on.
JILL: okay, go.
ABBY: Come on. Come on. Come on.
Let's rock and roll.
So what's the plan for today?
Like, what is your role today?
Are you, like, a fly on the wall?
Are you going to--
Basically, yeah, fly on the wall doing
it's a day in the life photo essay.
So we just kind of want to see, like, you
know, how crazy it is, how hectic it is.
Also that these are normal kids, you know?
We want to make sure to show--
and that's-- you know,
that's why we were at Melissa's house
this morning seeing, you know--
RACHEL: --the kids just being kids.
CHRISTI: How did you choose Maddie?
RACHEL: It was a mutual decision with
us and Abby. I mean--
KRISTIE: So are you going
to be looking at other girls to feature
or are you here just
for the following of Maddie?
Today we're just here to do
a day in the life of Maddie.
All right. Well, you go have
your day in the life
and we're going to go have ours.
Five, six, seven, eight.
And one and two
and three and four.
We are one week away from Nationals.
So I'm using this trip to Buffalo
as a dress rehearsal,
so I can decide who actually
is going to be representing
the ALDC at Nationals.
Boy, you best get home.
JILL: So how did that go this morning?
MELISSA: She wants a day
in the life of a dancer,
like an ALDC dancer, like, how they get
ready at home, what they really do.
Are they normal kids?
HOLLY: So it could've been
any one of the girls.
JILL: Right. They're all normal
ALDC dancers.
Well, I know that. But I'm just telling
you, it's not because, you know--
- It's because Abby picked her.
- No. But, Melissa, it is.
Because if it could have been
any of the kids
and Abby had a choice,
of course, she's going to pick Maddie.
If you wanted a typical day
in the life of an ALDC dancer,
you don't pick Maddie.
Because her life isn't typical.
Like, she isn't treated
the same way everyone else is.
Like, if you wanted to see
how the kids are treated,
follow, like, one of the kids that
doesn't have it, like, sugar coated.
KELLY: This article isn't about
who's the best dancer.
It's about control.
Abby knows, by picking
Melissa and Maddie,
she can control what they say
and what goes into this article.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: Look. Abby's showboating
for the photographer.
Look at me! I dance!
This is not the life
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
'Cause if it was, Abby would be sitting
on that mat back there.
CHRISTI: Screaming at people.
Point your feet!
KRISTIE: She's been really good
this week with the girls.
She's not going to act like a lunatic
with the guests.
CHRISTIE: Keep the guests!
KELLY: I think they should write
a different article every week
about each kid,
and we'll just keep repeating
so they're in there, so she behaves.
HOLLY: Yeah!
MELISSA: Good pointing, Chloe. Good one.
I'm going to let you go for now.
We have one more day tomorrow.
- Go.
- Bye. Thank you.
ABBY: Buffalo, New York!
MELISSA: Oh, thank you!
- Thank you!
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you so much, Melissa.
This was so much fun.
And thank you, everyone.
MELISSA: Thank you. Thank you.
HOLLY: You're welcome.
MELISSA: It was fun.
JILL: Have a safe trip back.
- Okay. Thank you.
- Bye-bye.
HOLLY: Bye-bye.
JILL: Thank you, guys.
ABBY: Maddie and Kendall, let's go.
Second, arms.
Kendall and Maddie's duet--
I know it's going to be a great number.
The whole beginning is Maddie,
by herself.
But can Kendall keep up
her end of the bargain?
If not, Maddie will do it as a solo.
It's fine.
KELLY: Isn't a duet
supposed to be side by side? Why--
You know, because it looks like
she's just following her around.
ABBY: Run, run, run, run, run, run.
Up, down.
I know why. Because Maddie
always gets more than everybody.
I'm anxious. I don't know what Abby has
in mind with this Kendall-Maddie duet.
Is it because Maddie doesn't have a solo,
so she has to make sure
that this duet is all about Maddie?
I'm really anxious.
- Just me.
- Just Jill.
HOLLY: Oh, she asked you to go downstairs.
Oh, that's good.
JILL: I'm glad that
Abby's calling me down.
I want to know
what's going on
and why Kendall is in the background
of the duet and Maddie's in the front.
ABBY: Now, Jill,
this is a huge opportunity.
I know that they've had duets before,
but Maddie's not the same dancer
she was before.
JILL: But where does Kendall stand?
So I know this is her opportunity.
Two things can happen. The positive is
that Kendall goes on stage,
rises to the occasion
and matches Maddie.
Right.
What cannot happen,
what I won't allow to happen,
is Kendall goes on stage
and tarnishes Maddie's reputation.
I just want you to know
that if your kid steps out there--
She can rise to the occasion.
She's done it before.
This is a contemporary dance.
But is it choreographed to be
a winning number?
- Is it choreographed to--
- You know what?
JILL: No, no. No.
- That is so insulting.
- You're talking about concept.
ABBY: Out! Out you go.
- Let me finish my sentence.
- Goodbye! You're finished.
You just questioned, was my choreography
supposed to be winning.
JILL: No. I didn't, Abby.
- Yes. It is supposed to be winning.
And if everybody looked like Maddie,
they would win.
- Out of the room, Jill. Go. Go.
- Well, you misunderstood.
- You can put words in my mouth, Abby.
- No, I didn't misunderstand.
Are you choreographing a winning number?
That's what I heard.
Girls, we're going to Buffalo, New York.
This is our last competition
of the season.
Next week is Nationals.
There's a lot riding on this week.
I still have not decided
who is going to perform at Nationals.
And the girls--
they need to understand
that every second they're
on the dance floor, I'm judging them.
CHRISTI: What is there to do in Buffalo?
The only thing I know about Buffalo
is chicken wings.
You know what?
Usually, at some point during the week,
you see a time when a dance
doesn't look like a hot mess.
- I have yet to see that time.
RACHEL: Agreed.
CHRISTI: I think it was a mess,
and I think it had no energy.
I'm not worried about the group dance,
at all.
All I can think about right now
is Maddie and Kendall's duet.
So what did you guys
think of the duet?
- Did you like it?
- Yeah. Now, do you love it?
Yeah, I do. I do. I think it's great.
CHRISTI: Holly was pointing out that
all of your dreams have now come true.
You really wanted the opportunity
to dance with Maddie.
How stupid would you be not to want
your child to dance with Maddie?
So-- right?
I don't really care if my child dances
with Maddie or not.
I just want my child to dance.
Wouldn't every one of you
want a dance with Maddie?
Usually, my daughter
was the old duet partner.
But I just think
there's a new changing of the guard.
- I think that Kendall will be her--
- No!
CHRISTI: No, no, Melissa.
Kendall will be her new go-to.
Is this part of Abby's grand plan
to phase Chloe out?
Because, if you ask me,
you can't phase Chloe out.
JILL: All the moms come down.
HOLLY: All the mom-- oh, gosh.
That's never good.
I don't know why Abby's calling
all the mothers into the studio.
But I really hope
it's for her to yell at us.
I haven't been screamed at today.
I'm feeling a little empty inside.
ABBY: Hello. How you doing?
Hello. Good.
- How are you?
- I'm busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, busy.
I'm running the group routine
two dancers at the time.
Because we do partner work,
and I want to see
who's timing is on whose timing is off.
[music playing]
Point! Point!
Head, front!
(SINGING) I sat down on that bar stool.
ABBY: Smile, Brooke!
(SINGING) Johnny said
that she'd been here.
She left a little message
in case I should appear.
He said that she meant business.
ABBY: Sickled foot! Watch your alignment!
What is going on?
(SINGING) --boy, you best get home.
A fool and his--
ABBY: Watch your elbows!
(SINGING) The girl you take for granted
is going to leave you broken hearted.
ABBY: Don't let your arm cave in
on your head. Head front, Paige!
Shut your feet.
Watch your alignment.
Your legs are supposed to be
perpendicular to the floor.
You will ruin the entire
number if you fall.
You threw yourself into that hand walk.
You didn't take your time
to kick up nice and controlled.
This group routine
should have been finished
and clean the first day of rehearsal.
The girls know all these steps.
It's not that difficult, it s demanding.
And you have to work
with your partner and trust them.
The timing has to be
right on the money.
I thought all the girls, like,
doing it with partners was a disaster.
- Oh, it was.
- I don't get it.
MELISSA: This "Country Cuties" number
is not perfect, yet.
But I trust Abby. And, hopefully,
it'll be cleaned up by competition.
ABBY: Chloe, last year, Nationals
was a big deal for you.
You did a great number.
It was innovative.
It was different.
You won a title, as well.
Asia, you haven't been with us
for a Nationals.
Are you going to continue
to be invincible,
unbeatable or is some
kid from somewhere
going to show up
and knock the wind out of your sails?
ABBY: Confident answer. All right, go.
[music playing]
So, Chloe, when you hear the music play
you think
everything's okay with the doll.
It's working. And you're happy.
Asia and Chloe are doing a routine
called "My Doll."
Chloe is the little girl,
and Asia is her doll.
And as Chloe winds up the doll,
the doll comes to life.
Turn that right knee out!
It's not a sweet, innocent, little doll.
The doll is possessed
and it starts to go after Chloe.
Asia, watch your feet
and your backs of your knees.
Lengthen your legs.
Up, down, down, glissade, jete, passe.
It's better than yesterday, but it's not--
KRISTI: You think?
- Yeah.
KRISTI: I don't know.
I don't even know what it is.
I-- and I normally can
watch and go, okay, I under--
like, because I'm taking myself
out of knowing.
Like, if I didn't know
Asia was the doll and she turned bad
and what's the thing,
I'm a little confused because I--
it's not in my face. I don't know, like--
and I'm acting
like I'm sitting here like a judge
watching two people, don't know the story.
I'm not feeling the story.
I'm just not feeling it.
If you're not feeling it for Asia,
are you feeling it for Chloe?
Not at all.
I think the whole Chloe-Asia
thing is just totally weird.
And I don't really want Chloe's,
you know, shot at Nationals
to be judged on this odd couple pairing.
ABBY: Come on, Mackenzie!
This is it.
If you don't win in Buffalo,
there's no chance at Nationals.
Push wind! Up!
Mackenzie's routine is called
"Reach For the Stars."
Now her music is fun,
it's upbeat, it's exciting.
I'm hoping that Mackenzie realizes
she has to reach for the stars.
If she doesn't,
she's not doing a solo at Nationals.
It's going to be Asia all the way.
Head, front! Push!
Your leg needs to be out there
like Asia's was.
Tighten your knees!
MELISSA: I'm worried about Mackenzie.
She is a big part in the group dance,
and a solo.
I know Mackenzie is worried because
she really wants to solo at Nationals.
I hope she can pull this off.
You grew up here in the studio.
You should be representing
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Asia's from 3,000 miles away.
If I'm going up against people
that are out to get me,
I have to use my best resources.
- Don't let me down this week.
- Thank you.
Out the door.
[music playing]
[cheering]
ABBY: We're here in Buffalo, New York,
at In10sity Dance Competition.
But Nationals are only one week away.
I'm going to watch every
move these girls make.
This is when it really counts.
HOLLY: Ooh! Let's get started.
ABBY: All right.
We are all working for Nationals.
The worst possible scenario
is that I go out there
and I see all these other amazing kids
that I'd rather take to Nationals with me.
Nationals is the biggest week
of the whole entire year.
Abby loves when we win nationals,
so this is really, really important.
Are you coming out?
Oh, Mackenzie, that's cute.
MELISSA: It's so cute, Kenz.
It fits so nice.
JILL: Oh, cute!
MELISSA: Oh, wow!
KRISTI: They fit! Oh, my gosh.
CHRISTI: Oh!
MELISSA: Oh, you look pretty!
ABBY: Oh, let's see!
JILL: You guys are gorgeous!
That works together.
JILL: Asia, you can look sweet
but we know better. Right?
Yeah, exactly.
Let's go! Nationals!
Will you be the one chosen to perform
or will you be the one
sitting in the audience?
[music playing]
MELISSA: Kenzie has to win today,
that's it.
The most important thing today.
ANNOUNCER: All right.
This is a Mini Acro Solo.
Please welcome Mackenzie,
performing "Reach For the Stars."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) You try to kick me down,
say I got nothing on you.
So say whatever
if it makes you feel better.
It doesn't matter to me.
You haven't seen the best of me.
I've got so much more inside of me.
Go get ready. Get ready.
Get ready and reach for the stars.
Nothing's gonna stop me now.
It's my turn to sing it loud.
So get ready. Get ready.
Get ready and reach for the stars.
Reaching for the stars!
(SINGING) Get ready. Get ready.
Get ready and reach for the stars.
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: And that was Mackenzie,
number 19, "Reach For the Stars."
I think I did very well on my solo.
Crushed it.
Ah! I'm so proud of you.
[applause]
KRISTI: My biggest fear
of Asia and Chloe's duet
is that these judges will not
get the story.
I've seen it, and they've had great timing
this last rehearsal.
I'm just really worried
about pulling off the story.
ANNOUNCER: Next to the In10sity
stage is act number 42.
This is a Junior Open Duet.
Please welcome Chloe and Asia,
performing "My Doll."
[cheering and applause]
[music box melody]
[laughter]
[intense music]
[slow music]
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: That was number 42,
"My Doll."
ABBY: Asia and Chloe's duet
was a little rough around the edges.
I just think Chloe
was out-danced by Asia.
I think that doll
ran circles around Chloe.
CHRISTI: I'm really proud
of Chloe and Asia for going out there
and doing this dance
to the best of their ability.
I think it looked amazing for what it was.
ABBY: We are all working for Nationals.
Shoulders down.
Too much tension, Kendall.
Ah! Finish that arm!
Finish that arm!
GIANNA: Kendall, nobody can see what
you're doing
'cause you're like this, to the back.
Jill, if you don't do
something about her posture,
it's going to get so bad--
Kendall, just focus on
what you're doing right now.
- We'll discuss this later.
ABBY: Oh, yeah. Much later.
When she's in a back brace
because she can't stand up.
Can you let her run her number, Abby?
Let her run it.
A halter is the worst possible thing
on her.
JILL: Okay. Who did the costumes?
ABBY: Look at it.
You're another mother who's not owning up
to her kid's flaws.
JILL: Abby, I can't help her body
physique.
Let her run her number, Abby!
Then pick on her!
ABBY: I've told her to stand up straight.
- And so have I.
How many times a day?
At least-- how many?
- Stop! You're stressing me!
JILL: How many, Kendall?
It is what it is, Abby.
The kids look great.
Kendall looks great in this number.
Leave her alone and let her dance
it like you've seen it all week.
Get over yourself.
I didn't trash your kid.
- I don't want Maddie's reputation ruined.
- I don't, either.
ABBY: Kendall, you better stand up
straight because I've had it!
Listen, baby, go out and you have fun.
Okay?
I'm really proud of Kendall for everything
she's been through all week.
But then Kendall needs to bring it.
ANNOUNCER: Next to the In10sity stage
is a Junior Contemporary Duet.
Please welcome Maddie and Kendall,
performing "Bodies Electric."
[cheering and applause]
JILL: This duet could make
or break Kendall's chances
for a solo at Nationals.
I really, more than anything,
need for Kendall
to dance up to Maddie's level and kill it.
ANNOUNCER: Next to the In10sity
stage is act number 40.
It's a Junior Contemporary Duet.
Please welcome Maddie and Kendall,
performing "Bodies Electric."
[cheering and applause]
(SINGING) I lost my way,
crashed down in flames,
couldn't see the stars above me.
Seemed like concrete
was holding my feet
'cause I forgot you loved me.
Then, Venus rising
filled the sky with diamonds.
See the sun in my eyes,
lighting up the dark.
We're lighting up the dark.
We are bodies electric.
We're bodies electric.
Bodies electric,
oh, touching heart to heart.
Oh!
[cheering and applause]
ANNOUNCER: And that was
"Bodies Electric," number 40.
I'm really proud of Kendall for everything
she's been through all week.
To see her out there dancing like this
has made her just a better person
all around.
KRISTIE: Oh, they came back!
- Awesome!
- Good job!
- Oh, your duet was great.
- Yay!
ABBY: All right. Bravo, bravo.
I thought everybody did
a great job out there.
GIRLS: Thank you.
- Some, better than others.
- You, I thought you did a great job.
- Thank you.
- Tell her thank you.
ABBY: Maybe if Asia didn't come here,
you wouldn't be working as hard.
All right? So let's get ready
for this group dance.
- Yee-haw!
CHRISTI: Oh, you guys look cute!
- Yeah! Look how cute you are!
KRISTIE: You are cute!
That's good.
Hey, guys, I just got a thing
from Maddie's article.
It says, "Dance Spirit Magazine," a day
in the life of the new face of dance.
That's one at your studio that-- with
that--
MADDIE: I have a picture like that.
MELISSA: That's cool, isn't it?
KELLY: We get it, Melissa.
Maddie is Abby's favorite.
She's in the magazine.
And, yes, Maddie will probably
get a solo at Nationals.
But do you really have to
rub it in all of our faces?
Shall I bring up the fact that you're
wearing chaps now or later?
JILL: For you. This is all for you.
CHRISTI: [laughs] Jill.
KELLY: Oh, my god! Will you stop?
You're embarrassing Kendall.
CHRISTI: [laughs] Jill.
JILL: I learned this from Mackenzie.
- Look at her face.
JILL: And then this.
[laughs]
GIANNA: If their hair is out that's
their fault, not your fault. okay?
Don't hold your breath. You're never going
to make it if you hold your breath.
ABBY: Kenzie has to hand
walk over a line of girls.
Is that going to happen or not?
Everything is relying on this performance
to get to Nationals.
ANNOUNCER: All righty,
next to the In10sity stage
is act number 72.
Make some noise for "Country Cuties."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) I sat down on that bar stool,
Johnny said that she'd been here.
She left a little message
in case I should appear.
He said that she meant business.
Then he took a somber tone.
He leaned across the bar
and whispered, "Boy, you best get home."
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
She's the best thing you got going
are soon parted.
Come on, Mackenzie.
Point your foot.
Oh.
[cheering and applause]
ABBY: Sure enough, she falls over.
It looks ridiculous,
ruins the whole ending of the number.
- Are you okay,
- It's okay.
She probably did it 100 times
in the hallway and she's exhausted.
That's why I told them not
to have her run it 100 times.
She was out there without us.
- Make sure your hair is in--
- Abby's going to yell at me now.
MADDIE: It's okay.
MACKENZIE: I was really nervous with Abby
because I thought she was going
to yell at me because I fell.
We're going to start up from the Elite
Mini Solo division of competition.
Ladies and gentlemen,
your highest scoring Mini Soloist
is Miss Mackenzie with act number 19,
"Reaching For the Stars."
By six points.
I'm so proud. I'm so happy.
But her little face looks so defeated
because she was so worried
about the group dance.
ANNOUNCER: All right. Moving now
into our Elite Junior
Duo/Trio division of competition.
Third place, "Moses Supposes."
[cheering and applause]
Your first runner up,
with a score of 277.2 points,
"My Doll,"
from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering and applause]
And your highest scoring
Elite Junior Duo/Trio
is act number 40, "Bodies Electric,"
from the Abby Lee Dance Company.
[cheering and applause]
JILL: Maddie and Kendall get first place.
Words can't express
how happy I am for my little girl.
CHRISTI: Seriously, Jill?
Did you really just look at me
and say that Chloe and Asia
should be glad that they got second
because there were really good dancers
here?
Well, what does that say
about what you think of them?
Now for our Elite Junior Small Groups.
In third place is act number 47,
"Yellow Light."
[cheering and applause]
In second place, with a score of
276.7 points is act number 45,
"Boy Meets Girl."
[applause]
And your highest scoring
Elite Junior Small Group,
with a score of 280.3 points,
is act number 72,
"Country Cuties," from the Abby
Lee Dance Company.
[cheering and applause]
ABBY: Mackenzie is lucky
that this group won
the overall first place high score.
Mackenzie, you screwed
up this routine.
You better thank everybody
else for pulling their weight
and taking us to Nationals.
[cheering]
HOLLY: Hello!
I, personally, am just really,
really thrilled,
as Jill pointed out, that Chloe and Asia
were able to pull off second place.
- That's not what I said, Christi.
CHRISTI: That is what you said.
- That's not what I said.
- That's exactly what you said.
- Well, okay, you can interpret it.
- It was rude.
- So you're not happy with second.
You're pissed off you got second.
CHRISTI: No, I'm--
Well, then you should be happy
you got second.
- I am happy.
- --were really good dancers out there.
And I think that what you said was rude.
I didn't mean it rude.
You wanted it to be rude
because you're mad you came in second.
CHRISTI: No. No, Jill.
- Face it. Yes.
I only reiterated what Christi
had been saying all week,
that this number wasn't competitive
and she didn't care much
for the choreography.
She's just pissed that
they didn't come in first.
Congratulations!
Now Nationals are next week.
I wanted to base who I chose at Nationals
on today's performance.
Mackenzie, her solo was dynamite.
She was great.
Then, Mackenzie practiced
that over and over and over
when I said don't.
You're going to get tired.
And that's why she fell.
Asia and Chloe-- second.
Wouldn't a tie have been nice?
[cheering]
ABBY: Congratulations on the duets,
Mackenzie on your solo,
and the group.
Girls, one week until Nationals!
Dream it, eat it, breathe it, live it.
I thought I would have a very clean,
easy decision after the results today.
But I saw stuff on that stage
that I haven't seen go wrong in years.
But, I'll tell you what, I am not going
to go there and get beat by Miss Cathy,
that has as much talent
as I have in this fingernail.
You know what it's going to be like
for you guys
if the Abby Lee Dance Company loses?
ABBY: Next, on "Dance Moms"--
We are here in New Orleans
to win at Nationals.
The Wicked Witch of the West
is here to beat you.
CATHY: I got the creme de la creme.
This is Blake McGrath.
CHRISTI: I find it wrong that she would
give one of those solo spots to Payton.
KRISTIE: You know what? I'm not playing
this stupid game
that you guys like to play
with the manipulation.
- Great. You better settle it down.
- Bitch!
- You're a rude bitch--
- Don't you touch me.
Oh, turn around, bump.
There's no better revenge than victory.